Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war.
You have to think anyway, so why not think big?
Without passion you don't have energy, with out energy you have nothing.
On January 21st of 2017, the day after I take the oath of office, Americans will finally wake up in a country where the laws of the United States are enforced. We are going to be considerate and compassionate to everyone. But my greatest compassion will be for our own struggling citizens.
Owning a great golf course gives you great power.
One of the key problems today is that politics is such a disgrace, good people don't go into government.
Private jets cost a lot of money.
When somebody challenges you, fight back. Be brutal, be tough.
Do you mind if I sit back a little? Because your breath is very bad.
I judge people based on their capability, honesty, and merit.
It's tangible, it's solid, it's beautiful. It's artistic, from my standpoint, and I just love real estate.
Obama has no solutions. Obama has failed the country and its great citizens, and they don't like it when somebody such as myself speaks the truth about this - it hurts too much.
My father was very energetic; my mother was very energetic. He lived to a very old age, and so did my mother. I believe that I just have it from my father, from my parents. They had wonderful energy.
China gets their oil from Libya. Why isn't China involved? They're going out spending billions of dollars a day on trying to take over the world economically. And we're spending billions and billions and billions of dollars on policing the world. Why isn't China involved with Libya? That - we don't get oil from Libya, China does.
I don't like losers.
Jimmy Carter used to walk off the airplane carrying his own luggage. Do you remember that? I don't want my president carrying - I want the freaking Marines to be carrying his luggage, and they want to carry his luggage.
I like thinking big. If you're going to be thinking anything, you might as well think big.
Experience taught me a few things. One is to listen to your gut, no matter how good something sounds on paper. The second is that you're generally better off sticking with what you know. And the third is that sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make.
People assume I'm a boiler ready to explode, but I actually have very low blood pressure, which is shocking to people.
I wouldn't mind a little bow. In Japan, they bow. I love it. Only thing I love about Japan.
The first thing the secretary types is the boss.
Well, real estate is always good, as far as I'm concerned.
The Veterans Administration is a scandal. It's corrupt, and what's going on is a disgrace. And, believe me, if I win, if I become president, that will end. The veterans will be treated properly.
I understand the military. I know the military.
People might not think that, but the Republicans have all of the cards. And this is the time to get rid of Obamacare. This is the time to make the great deal.
I have used the laws of this country just like the greatest people that you read about every day in business have used the laws of this country, the chapter laws, to do a great job for my company, for myself, for my employees, for my family, et cetera.
Our military has to be strengthened. Our vets have to be taken care of. We have to end Obamacare, and we have to make our country great again, and I will do that.
If I were a liberal Democrat, people would say I'm the super genius of all time. The super genius of all time. If you're a conservative Republican, you've got to fight for your life. It's really an amazing thing.
The pact we have with Japan is interesting. Because if somebody attacks us, Japan does not have to help. If somebody attacks Japan, we have to help Japan.
I have made the tough decisions, always with an eye toward the bottom line. Perhaps it's time America was run like a business.
I've always said, 'If you need Viagra, you're probably with the wrong girl.'
All of the women on The Apprentice flirted with me - consciously or unconsciously. That's to be expected.
My whole life is about winning. I don't lose often. I almost never lose.
I had great relationship with the Hispanic - we had a lot of Hispanics in the school actually from different countries, Venezuela, from Brazil, and they all played soccer, and I was on the soccer team, and I developed great relationships with them.
We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again.
People love me. And you know what, I have been very successful. Everybody loves me.
When I am president, I will work to ensure that all of our kids are treated equally and protected equally. Every action I take, I will ask myself, 'Does this make life better for young Americans in Baltimore, Chicago, Detroit, Ferguson, who have as much of a right to live out their dreams as any other child America?'
As long as your going to be thinking anyway, think big.
I try to learn from the past, but I plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present. That's where the fun is.
In 2009, pre-Hillary, ISIS was not even on the map. Libya was stable. Egypt was peaceful. Iraq was seeing a really big, big reduction in violence. Iran was being choked by sanctions. Syria was somewhat under control.
I have an attention span that's as long as it has to be.
If I don't get along with Democrats, I'm sort of, like, out of business.
The Iranians and Persians are excellent at the art of negotiation.
If people can just pour into the country illegally, you don't have a country.
I actually don't have a bad hairline.
I have a Bible near my bed.
If you get good ratings, they'll cover you even if you have nothing to say.
'You're fired' was not a part of the deal. And when I went into the first board room, the very first one, I'm looking at these people, and I had to fire somebody, but we never thought in terms of the expression 'You're fired.'
I get a lot of credit for comb-overs. But it's not really a comb-over. It's sort of a little bit forward and back. I've combed it the same way for years. Same thing, every time.
We need intelligence in this country. We need a certain toughness in this country, or we're going to end up like a lot of the other places, and we're not going to have a country left.
My father was a successful real estate developer, and he was a very tough man but a good man. My father would always praise me. He always thought I was the smartest person.
What my father gave me more than anything else is great tutoring and a great brain, frankly. You know, my father's brother was a top person at MIT, went to MIT, graduated from MIT, was a teacher at MIT, a professor at MIT, a great engineer. I mean, you know, I have very good genes.
We need a president with tremendous intelligence, smarts, cunning, strength and stamina.
Part of being a winner is knowing when enough is enough. Sometimes you have to give up the fight and walk away, and move on to something that's more productive.
I think Les Moonves is the most highly overrated person in television.
I mean, there's no arguing. There is no anything. There is no beating around the bush. 'You're fired' is a very strong term.
If you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure, stop trying to balance them. Instead make your work more pleasurable.
I could never have imagined that firing 67 people on national television would actually make me more popular, especially with the younger generation.
The Arab League tells us to go in and take out Qaddafi. We've spent billions of dollars already with respect to the Arab League. Billions of dollars, because they told us to do it. Why aren't they paying for it? They don't like Qaddafi, Qaddafi's been a terrible thorn in their side.
A certificate of live birth is not the same thing by any stretch of the imagination as a birth certificate.
The U.S. has become a dumping ground for everybody else's problems.
Hillary Clinton may be the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency.
Hillary Clinton has perfected the politics of personal profit and theft. She ran the State Department like her own personal hedge fund - doing favors for oppressive regimes, and many others, in exchange for cash. 
We will be a country of generosity and warmth. But we will also be a country of law and order.
I was a great student. I was good at everything.
As far as single payer, it works in Canada. It works incredibly well in Scotland.
At the Super Bowl, when Beyonce was thrusting her hips forward in a very suggestive manner, if someone else had done that, it would've been a national scandal. I thought it was ridiculous.
I'm gonna keep Social Security without change, except I'm going to get rid of the waste, fraud, and abuse; same thing with Medicare.
Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game.
I'm the No. 1 developer in New York, I'm the biggest in Atlantic City, and maybe we'll keep it that way.
It's a great thing when you can show that you've been successful and that you've made a lot of money and that you've employed a lot of people.
We - we need strength, we need energy, we need quickness and we need brain in this country to turn it around.
I own buildings. I'm a builder; I know how to build. Nobody can build like I can build. Nobody. And the builders in New York will tell you that. I build the best product. And my name helps a lot.
First and foremost, I'm a real estate person. And that's what I love the most.
A little more moderation would be good. Of course, my life hasn't exactly been one of moderation.
I saw a report yesterday. There's so much oil, all over the world, they don't know where to dump it. And Saudi Arabia says, 'Oh, there's too much oil.' They - they came back yesterday. Did you see the report? They want to reduce oil production. Do you think they're our friends? They're not our friends.
I think the big problem this country has is being politically correct. I've been challenged by so many people, and I don't frankly have time for total political correctness. And to be honest with you, this country doesn't have time either.
I deal with foreign countries. I made a lot of money dealing against China. I've made a lot of money dealing against many other countries.
I've created tens of thousands of jobs over the years.
I think the World Trade Center should be rebuilt as the World Trade Center, only stronger and one story taller. I hate what they're doing with the World Trade Center site.
Years ago, I predicted that Iran would take over Iraq. Iran and Iraq used to fight back and forth.
Many agree that the worst thing that could ever happen is if Russia and China get closer.
I have respect for Senator McCain. I used to like him a lot. I supported him. I raised a lot of money for his campaign against President Obama.
We've had soldiers that were so badly hurt and killed. I want their families to get something.
I shake hands very gladly politically. I don't think you could be a politician if you didn't shake hands.
Everybody has their detractors. Some people say arrogance, or whatever they may say. I only have one thing in mind, and that's doing a great job for the country.
I've been making deals all my life.
People are tired of seeing politicians as all talk and no action.
Remember, many Republicans didn't vote for Mitt Romney. He didn't inspire people.
I'm a believer in the polls, by the way. Rarely do you see a poll that's very far off.
